{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Dingbats;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Symbol;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 1;}
{\s2\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 2;}
{\s3\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 3;}
{\s8\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28Lower Roman List;}
{\s5\tx431\sbasedon24\snext28Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon25\snext28Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s7\fi-431\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs11\sbasedon28Endnote Text;}
{\s4\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon28\snext28Contents 4;}
{\s9\fi-431\li720Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-431\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs12\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s13\fi-431\li720Triangle List;}
{\s14\tx431\sbasedon26\snext28Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s15\fi-431\li720Dashed List;}
{\s16\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Roman List;}
{\s17\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 4;}
{\s18\fi-431\li720Heart List;}
{\s34\fi-431\li720Box List;}
{\s20\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Case List;}
{\s21\fi-431\li720Bullet List;}
{\s22\fi-431\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs23\fs20\sbasedon28Footnote Text;}
{\s24\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 1;}
{\s25\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 2;}
{\s19\qc\sb240\sa120\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon28\snext28Contents Header;}
{\s27\fi-431\li720Tick List;}
{\s26\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28Heading 3;}
{\s29\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Lower Case List;}
{\s30\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon28Block Text;}
{\s36\f4\sbasedon28Plain Text;}
{\s32\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext28Section Heading;}
{\s33\fi-431\li720Implies List;}
{\s28\f0\fs24Normal;}
{\s35\fi-431\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs31\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s37\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext28Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Visual Integrator}{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\i\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch by Brian Mock}{\s28\f0\fs24\i\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch What is Integrator?}{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Visual Integrator is an OpenGL application written in Java. Integrator is part function visualizer, part integration visualizer. Integrator shows negative and positive volume by the direction of the color gradient (purple to gold going up is positive, down is negative). Integrator is }{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}not}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0} meant to show a Riemann sum approximation of the integral, and thus does not use square prisms under the surface. Integrator uses what I call prismoids, which are basically square prisms, but the four edges are of uneven heights. Ideally the size of prismoids would be small enough such that they would not be noticeable, but rendering so many polygons is unfeasible in real time.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch How to use Integrator}{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch The current paradigm for using Integrator is that of a fly-through, with airplane-like controls. W, A, S, D control movement, and Q, E control elevation. I, J, K, L control turning, and U, O control rotation. This provides for a full six degrees of freedom. That being said, it is not as limiting as it might seem to use a simpler set of controls, such as just WASDJL. This control scheme will stay, but other controls may be added later.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Running Integrator}{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch The main class in Integrator is GUI (obviously located in GUI.java). The intended way to run this is through an executable JAR file with the JOGL libraries in the same directory.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch The future of Integrator}{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch The current control scheme is fly-through based, but mouse-based controls would be far more intuitive, if somewhat limited. Thus, mouse controls are highly likely in the future of this program. If time permits, I may add more functions to view, as my API for adding functions is simple enough to facilitate doing so easily. The GUI has many hard-coded buttons, but it would not be too difficult to generate buttons and callbacks using loops to facilitate having many functions. Optimization-wise, I am drawing quite a few polygons which are not visible due to my prismoid approach.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}}